To perform this job successfully, the ideal candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
3+ years professional experience in building RESTful API automation frameworks
Experience with building testing frameworks like Selenium, xUnit, and SpecFlow
Experience with CI/CD deployments Tools
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes
Outstanding communication, organizational and interpersonal skills with both a technical and non-technical audience
Possession and demonstration of flexibility, creativity and good judgment. Has an interest in understanding how things work and how to break them.
Understanding of healthcare IT standards and their application preferred
Strong aptitude for evaluating and solving complex problems and issues.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Strong documentation ability
Comfortable using tools such as Postman and SOAPUI
Comfortable working with RESTful APIs and SQL Databases
BS in Computer Science or a related field or equivalent experience
1-5 years of quality assurance experience
Passion for finding inefficiencies and the desire to constantly improve processes
Experience in testing for current and legacy browsers
Proven experience in identifying functional, integration and data discrepancies.
Understanding of various QA tools and technologies
Good verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to work independently and within teams under some direction and supervision.
A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent industry experience (4-6 Years).
Experience testing for SaaS web applications.
Experience using a codeless automation platform. EX: Rainforest QA
Experience writing automated API tests using Postman.
Experience with database queries and validations. EX: SSMS
Critical thinking skills.[JB1] [GG2]
Self-starter that does not settle for the status quo. This candidate is willing to dig in to improve both the process and product.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, and great customer focus.
Continually builds/strengthens one’s domain knowledge of the Venminder platform.
Exceptional collaboration skills and able to excel in a cross-functional environment.[JB3] [GG4]
Care and attention to detail.
Able to self-manage multiple tasks, meet tight deadlines, and deliverables.
Ability to work effectively and maintain focus under pressure.
Ability to receive constructive feedback and support your test plan decisions.
Expert in understanding Database Table Structures and relationships
Love to read and write database queries to analyze database related issues
1+ years of professional experience writing database queries using SQL or SQL tools like Toad, etc.
Bachelor’s Degree in engineering, compute science, information systems, or other technical degree
Presentation skills to present test results to individuals and groups
Humble attitude with a thirst for Learning
Nice to Have:
Eagerness to take ownership
AWS Athena
Able to read code and debug issues in the code
Mostly manual but moving to automation
Writing test scripts in Python (mandatory)
Utilizing tools Webdriver / Appium or WebdriverJS
Automation testing - REST and demonstrated experience with web services APIs testing/automation
Very good experience in using open source tools like Git, stash and Jenkins
Protractor, BDD (e.g Cucumber, Jasmine), Continuous Integration (e.g., Jenkins, Hudson) or Delivery
unit testing using tools like TestNG, JUnit
Debugging distributed systems and applications
Clear understanding of the product development cycle, technical requirements and project management
Strong understanding of concepts related to computer architecture, data structures and programming practices
Testing & Automation of API and Micro services
B.S or M.S. in Computer Science or Related field
Interest in QA or Automation
QA internship or 0-2 years of experience
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or similar field, or equivalent years of experience
Demonstrated ability in generating test datasets that replicate real-world scenarios
Demonstrated ability in writing complex SQL queries to extract or validate data
5+ years of previous testing experience with cloud-native applications
Experience with all phases of software quality assurance including test planning, functional testing, and smoke/regression testing
Experience creating detailed and comprehensive test suites using programming languages such as Python
Experience testing web-based SaaS applications
Agile scrum development experience
Demonstrated experience with Jenkins, Wiki, Teams/Slack, JIRA, Confluence, and test automation tools
Experience with version control tools (GIT etc.)
Bachelor's degree
2 years of QA testing experience
Experience with agile methodologies
Proficient in test management software
Good working knowledge of programming languages
Experience in test planning and creating automated test suites. Using engineering tools and software packages to test, design, and evaluate products and processes (Robot Framework or Selenium preferred)
Experience in writing complex SQL statements
Proficiency in Python
Proficiency in data-driven analysis
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Able to work in a fully remote environment
As a QA Engineer, you will build the core of the QA process, and contribute to the products and APIs in a spectacularly robust fashion. ## You will:
Create detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured test plans and test cases
Estimate, prioritize, plan and coordinate testing activities
Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools
Identify, record, document thoroughly, and track bugs
Perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved
Develop and apply testing processes for new and existing products to meet client needs
Liaise with internal teams (e.g. developers and product managers) to identify system requirements
Monitor debugging process results
Make recommendations for product improvements that would enhance user experience.
Investigate the causes of non-conforming software and train users to implement solutions
Track quality assurance metrics, like defect densities and open defect counts
Stay up-to-date with new testing tools and test strategies ## You may be fit for this role if you:
2+ years of experience in a software quality assurance role at a high-growth startup
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools, and processes
Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases
Hands-on experience with both white box and black box testing
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools
Solid knowledge of Python or Shell scripting
Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development process
Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus
Experience with API testing, specifically with Postman, is a plus
Experience with device management (MDM), Munki or Chef, is a plus
Proficient in both oral and written English communication ## What’s it like to work at Swifteam? Swifteam was launched in 2022 and accelerated by the Y Combinator program.
Bachelor's Degree Years in computer science/technology or equivalent degree/experience.
A minimum of 4-5 years of application testing experience on Ecommerce / Web application platforms.
Certified on one or more of the core process areas of work.
Experience in testing Salesforce CRM with knowledge on Sales/ Service/ Marketing cloud testing.
Hands-on experience testing through the development cycle and pre-release in an Agile framework.
Good understanding of overall architecture of Salesforce CRM and end to end testing.
Experience with manual test case creation, execution, and bug logging.
Hands-on experience with automated testing tools (Selenium, JMeter etc.).
Experience conducting root-cause analysis.
Experience in bug / defect log maintenance.
Testing process knowledge and ability to communicate with the development teams to provide constructive feedback and improvement tips.
Proven work experience in software quality assurance.
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes.
Experience in writing clear, concise and comprehensive test plans and test cases.
Good understanding of Web technologies with experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Cross browser and multi device testing experience.
Experience and understanding of XML and other web technology standards.
Experience testing for the cloud environments like AWS and Azure will be an added advantage.
Keen eye for detail, a penchant for quality and a passion for process.
Strong advocate for the value position of Quality Assurance and thorough testing.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills both written and verbal in English.
Ability to work individually or within a team environment.
Ability to participate in multiple projects / tasks and priorities in a healthy work environment.
Ability to use a constructive approach when providing feedback.
Ability to take direction, constructive criticism and work to specified deadlines.
Adhere to process and procedures defined for the role, the team and the organization.